- Where are we?
- An access shaft
to an underwater aqueduct
which has never been activated.
I mean, geographically?
Beneath Wisconsin and Massachusetts
Avenues, near the NationaI CathedraI.
How far down? We seem very far down.
- Oh, about 60 feet, so far.
- Is there any other way?
It's a maze down here, but this was
the fastest way to get to the body.
These lines have load tolerances
that are more than adequate.
What about shock tolerance? The
rope jerks, kinetic energy increases
- and snap, we fall to our deaths.
- Hey!
OK. Let's say we just stop the chatter.
City workers found it. Public works are under
federaI jurisdiction, so this is your party.
Oh.
- What's at the top of that shaft?
- Utility tunneI accessing steam pipes.
- May I borrow your gun?
- Why do you want it?
I'm not gonna shoot anyone, I promise.
It's not a hammer, or anything.
We've been working together for months,
Booth. A little trust would be nice.
- CarefuI.
- OK. Hold this.
Now they'll eat each other
and leave our remains alone.
You know, you do know I have to
file a report with the review board
each time I discharge
a round from my weapon?
Pictures, Zack. The rats scattered the
remains, so give me a five-metre radius.
The velocity of the fall
shattered her body on impact.
Tibias and fibulas
broken below the knees.
- Vertebrae compressed and shattered.
- "Her"?
Yeah. I just hope that she was
dead before the rats got to her.
Oh, God. Any idea how
long she's been down here?
We should get answers when
Hodgins analyses the bugs,
but rats could strip a body in days.
Shirt, pants, but no jacket or shoes.
No way rats could carry that off.
Excuse me?
Sir? Sir!
What the hell? Bones! Easy! What
the hell are you doing? Bones!
Bones, you don'tjust run
after guys in the dark.
He didn't need any light. He
knew exactly where he was going.
Yeah, that's creepy.
He lives down here.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The victim had a pin in her knee from a
skiing injury so we matched the seriaI numbers.
Her name's Marni Hunter, 24.
1.7 metres tall. Left-handed.
- Documentary filmmaker.
- Reported missing ten days ago.
- Police find the guy?
- Your mole man? No.
I've heard of them. They patch into electricaI
grids down there. Some can even tap cable.
I'd set time of death at ten days,
- when the missing persons report was filed.
- Sure?
See the ratio of fly
larvae to Silphidae beetles?
Ten days. I believe you.
She fell approximately 40 feet and landed
feet first, which explains the crushed tibias.
- That what killed her?
- Not necessarily.
Her skull sustained traumatic injuries
inconsistent with a feet-first fall.
We found blood and bone chips on exposed
pipes jutting from the ventilation shaft.
- So that's what killed her?
- No, not necessarily.
The fingernails are clean.
If she were falling, she would claw at the
wall to slow her descent. It's instinctuaI.
- So she was dead before the fall.
- No, not necessarily.
Bones, please. Just tell me.
She may have simply been unconscious.
Mr Garfield, why did you wait two days to file
the missing persons report on your fiancée?
Marni is a documentary filmmaker. Was.
Very dedicated
- she immersed herself in each project.
It's not odd for her to stay out
in the field without coming home.
You get invested in your work,
time can get away from you.
That's what Marni always said.
- You didn't worry about her down there?
- She's been all over the world.
Rwanda, Latin America, the
Balkans, the Middle East.
- I was just glad to have her home.
- You two were engaged.
- We'd finally set a date.
- I'm very sorry for your loss.
Did her work take her into the tunnels?
Her latest project, the last couple of months,
is about the maze of tunnels beneath the city.
That's what she'd cut together so far.
- Y ou need to drink...
- I told her to be carefuI.
A lot of those guys are pretty nuts.
It's fascinating. A fully
functionaI shadow society.
Did you ever go down there with her?
- Who did she work with?
- Marni worked alone.
She did her own camerawork and sound. It's very raw
- that's her style.
She never appeared on camera. She thought
the film should be about the subject, not her.
That's true. As an anthropologist
you immerse yourself in a culture
without distorting it
with your own presence.
It's another reason to work alone.
So you found her at the
bottom of an air shaft?
You think one of these people...?
Her skull has unexplained
damage. Shattering on...
We're still investigating, Mr Garfield.
- Hey, Harold.
- Hey, Helen. What you doing down here?
Wait a minute.
Wait. Freeze!
That's the man I saw in the tunneI.
Marni ever mention this guy to you?
No. The blonde woman
is Helen... something.
She's a sociaI worker, I think.
Runs a shelter over on 26th.
Marni came to the shelter. She heard I
worked with what she called "mole people".
She asked me to introduce her to them.
- Spend a lot of time down here?
- It's kinda my beat, I guess you'd say.
- Did you resent her intrusion?
- Why do you ask?
It's an ordered society. Marni and
her cameras might've been disruptive.
These people are here for a reason. They
have a right to privacy. I respect that.
I'm not sure a
documentary filmmaker does.
- Disruptive enough to make enemies?
- Perhaps. It's tough to know these people.
Isn't that what Marni was trying to do?
Get to know them, explain them to the world?
No offence, Dr Brennan,
but I find that a bit naive.
Herjob was to sell her films.
What she was doing was exploitive.
Maybe one of these
people'd agree with you.
There's the man you're
looking for. Harold Overmeyer.
Marni called him the Mayor of Moletown.
I imagine she thought that was clever.
He's mediating a dispute.
He has alpha-male status.
- How did Harold respond to her?
- My impression was he liked her.
But, again, nobody
really knows these people.
I brought you some food, Harold.
I have enough food.
- What do you want?
- I'd like to ask a few questions.
I'm not required to answer
any questions. Not required.
That's correct. Harold has rights.
Miss, do you wanna step back? You're
interfering with a criminaI investigation.
Did you know Marni Hunter?
- You saw what happened, didn't you?
- You guys are trespassing. Go away.
- OK, buddy, that's it. Let's go.
- Whoa, whoa. Booth.
This man is obviously someone important.
Important? He lives in a
cardboard box underground.
In this society he has
status. Give him his due.
Treat him with respect.
OK, Mr Overmeyer, we got
off on the wrong foot.
I'm SpeciaI Agent Seeley
Booth from the FBI.
I would appreciate it very much if you would
grant us the advantage of your expertise
as we investigate Marni Hunter's death.
Fair enough.
Oh.
Mr Overmeyer, I saw you in the tunneI
near where we found Marni Hunter's remains.
- Checking the tunnels.
- Checking the tunnels or checking on Marni?
I warned her.
So you two were friends beyond
being observer and observed?
You talk like her. You
making a documentary too?
- No, but there are things we need to...
- That's my stuff.
Bones.
Harold, is this Marni's video camera?
You'd better go now. You can go now!
Booth, this clothing
has blood all over it.
- "Give him his due", huh?
- I think it belonged to Marni.
Afraid you're gonna
have to come with us.
What? No! I can't leave.
There are bone fragments. I'm
gonna take these back to the lab.
No! You don't understand!
She wanted me to have it.
She wanted me to have that!
I find scrap metaI, that's
all. That's why I go deep.
You don't have to say anything.
You're not here because
you scavenge. You know that.
It's too bright in here.
Too... too bright in here.
I know you have a distinguished military
record, Harold. 10th SpeciaI Forces Group.
I was with the Rangers.
What, so you gonna tell me, "Harold, I know
what you've been through. I been there too. "
"I know how you ended
up how you ended up. "
- You telling me that?
- Yeah, I'm telling you that.
- I killed people.
- You saved five of your men.
- By shooting a pregnant woman.
- She had a grenade in her hand.
She had a child in her arms.
I shot her... and the grenade went off.
She died right away.
But that kid...
He took a while.
He kept looking at me, but I...
You did what a soldier had to do.
Yeah. You know, I was a good
soldier. I was a very good soldier.
But a pretty bad human being.
A pretty bad human being.
What happened to Marni?
Ah. I hadn't seen her in days, you know?
That's why I went to go take a look.
Rats were all over her, man.
All over her!
- How did you end up with her things?
- Well, I was gonna sell them.
She would've wanted me to have those.
So you had nothing to do with her death?
Um...
I
- I gave her something.
- And that's why she died.
- What did you give her?
I'm advising you not
to say anything else.
You know what? I think it's best
I not talk about this any more,
not cause any more trouble.
- I gotta go.
- No, Harold, you can't. Not yet.
- It's too bright in here. I gotta go.
- Harold...
I never wanted her to die.
But she wouldn't listen. I warned her.
I finished the skull. We should be
able to determine cause of death.
You haven't eaten all day. I have some
killer yellowtaiI here and spicy tuna rolls.
Time gets away from me sometimes.
- What?
- The victim used to say that.
- You think the homeless mole guy killed her?
- Booth does.
He had her camera and bloody clothes.
Plus he's killed people before.
- As a soldier. Socially sanctioned.
- Booth's killed as a law enforcer.
What if, from mole man's point
of view, Marni was a criminaI?
Marni Hunter was an observer.
By definition, passive.
- Like you?
- Yes. Exactly.
Are you getting at something?
- I just wish you were a little more scared.
- I'm carefuI.
Running after a murderer in the
dark is not being an observer.
Booth told you?
More and more of your work is outside
of this lab, running after bad guys.
Just promise me you'll be carefuI.
Every society has its fringe dwellers, and
every society fears its fringe dwellers.
Usually cos they're an example of what
happens when you faiI in that society.
But they are seldom
dangerous, in reality.
This is what you do when
things get too close to home -
you get all analyticaI and academic.
I just want you to know that maybe
Marni Hunter did the same thing,
and now she's dead.
We've got most of the skull. There's just
a piece missing the size of a quarter.
Why are missing pieces
always the size of quarters
and tumours always the
size of grapefruits?
Those are rhetoricaI questions
I'm not supposed to answer, right?
- These are not simply random abrasions.
- What are they?
Marni's skull was fractured
by a midair impact.
There's a radiating fracture centred
above her right temporaI bone.
But this damage is isolated
on the left side of her skull.
A girI can't bang both sides of
her head as she falls down a shaft?
From the fracture pattern, it
appears to be a sharp, pointed weapon.
Harold said he'd given the victim
something he wished he hadn't.
Could this have been it?
- Fragments of Latin.
- Roman numerals.
- You know who knows about that stuff?
- You show it to him.
I am not taking possession of that
piece of evidence. Y ou show it to him.
Armour. Roman cuirass. Doric columns,
common around the first century BC.
The mole guy gave something to the
victim he thinks got her killed.
Of course, he's crazy.
This could be valuable. Let's
have Miss Montenegro x-ray it.
Stress from the initiaI pressing
should show what's been worn away.
I was hoping you'd take possession
of this piece of evidence.
And the paperwork that
goes along with it?
I wasn't born yesterday, Dr Hodgins.
You don't need me for this.
- Yes, I do.
- Why?
I have not taken officiaI
possession of this evidence.
Fascinating.
1778.
It appears to be an
officiaI seaI of some kind.
Oh, my God.
- Aren't you gonna go after him?
- Nope.
- Why not?
- He's now in charge of that medallion.
Yes!
- Treasure?
- It's an officiaI vault seaI.
Manufactured by the War Office.
It was established in 1778.
The Latin sigli and thesaur
tie it to the Treasury.
- A bank vault kind of a vault?
- Much better.
The War Office established severaI vaults
under the city to safekeep culturaI treasures.
- They must all be empty by now.
- No.
SeveraI were unaccounted for after a
series of cave-ins in the early 1900s.
So this seaI came off a vault
of treasure beneath the city?
It could contain currency, gold
ingots, paintings and engravings.
The originaI draft of
Lincoln's inauguraI address.
This could be an extraordinary find.
We have to find these artefacts
before they're stolen or sold off.
- What's the monetary value of this thing?
- Priceless.
You can't put a value on our heritage.
Well, I think someone did.
That's why Marni's dead.
Harold, is this what
you gave Marni Hunter?
Yeah. She liked it.
Where'd you get it?
Beyond the perimeter.
Harold?
Harold, you have to trust us.
We just want to find who
killed Marni. And you can help.
You killed people.
Maybe this is your
chance to put that right.
You said you wished you
hadn't given it to her. Why?
- Did you take it from someone?
- The blonde.
- It was hers, and I shouldn't have taken it.
- A blonde killed Marni?
Marni went too deep. That's
the blonde's territory.
- Does the blonde woman have a name?
- People around me die.
- Marni died.
- There'll always be casualties.
What's important is to recognise the enemy
and take 'em out so more people aren't hurt.
- Can you take us down there, Harold?
- No. It's beyond the perimeter.
I took Marni beyond the perimeter.
I won't make that same mistake again.
I won't make that mistake again.
- The sociaI worker.
- Why? Because she's a blonde?
Why didn't she want Marni poking around?
She thought the documentary
was exploiting the homeless.
- You buy that?
- Obviously you don't.
You wanna know a better reason for
not wanting someone poking around?
- A mythicaI treasure?
- Ever see Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
It doesn't matter if the treasure is mythicaI.
People will still kill if they think it exists.
- It did exist.
- What?
In the movie, it's gold dust. People think it
didn't exist, so it blew away. But it did exist.
But no one got it, is the point.
All of a sudden, you know a movie.
Everybody knows that movie.
- Brennan.
- It's Hodgins.
Your victim was in some
other tunneI before she died.
- Facts before conclusions.
- Her clothing shows traces of diamond dust.
That suggests a much
older system of tunnels.
IndustriaI diamonds were used in
blast-hole drilling in the 19th century.
Hm. It's near a vault. It makes sense.
"Good job, Hodgins. What
would we do without you?"
So Marni was killed near a vault
and then dragged to the shaft.
Harold will know where that vault is.
Maybe you could try the "We're
brothers-in-arms" thing on him.
OK, that what you just said right there, Bones,
that was cynicaI. It was glib and cynicaI.
- Really?
- Yes, really.
I know what that guy has been through.
You killed a pregnant woman
who was holding a child?
If you really want to know what I've done,
I'll tell you. But be ready for the truth.
Good choice, Bones.
- Harold is afraid of me?
- Does he have any reason?
He fears the world. Why else
does he live underground?
- He's paying penance.
- What?
You catch murderers to pay your
penance, Harold lives underground.
Did you ever tell Marni you
found her film exploitative?
Of course. I'm honest. I
told her I wouldn't help.
- So she turned to Harold as a guide.
- And two other guys.
- What two other guys?
- She took climbing lessons, all that stuff.
When you told Marni she was
exploitive, how did she react?
She said that showing the
truth couldn't be exploitive.
I agree with her.
Truth doesn't mean the
same thing to everyone.
- Harold said he was afraid of me?
- Of a blonde.
- How do you know it wasn't Charlize Theron?
- Who's that?
An actress. She's being
sarcastic. Thank you for your help.
You amaze me. You know Treasure of the
Sierra Madre but not Charlize Theron.
You know who you are?
You're my grandmother.
OK. Here's the recreation.
Here are the wounds.
Those skull fractures are centred
above the left parietaI lobe.
OK, the lasers can measure
the angle of the attack
and the amount of damage done
to the living bone of the skull.
3.3mm indentation into the
bone at the deepest point,
which trailed off to 0.04mm.
A glancing blow.
Yeah. She saw it coming.
The angle of attack was
between 50 and 53 degrees.
Meaning the attacker struck from above.
- And from the victim's right. -
So the attacker was left-handed.
She was only struck once.
Sometimes that's all it takes.
Good job, bro. Take care.
- Kyle Montrose and Duke DallieI?
- Yeah.
We're from the FBI.
We have credit-card receipts showing
you gave Marni Hunter climbing lessons.
If anyone can talk the FBI into
getting her a refund, it's Marni.
She's dead.
- What? Oh, my God.
- What happened?
She was found in a ventilation
shaft beneath the city.
Did... did she fall?
We told her not to go down
there. It's too dangerous.
Marni's dead? That's... God.
We gave her some climbing
lessons - rappelling -
but not enough for her to
do spelunking on her own.
Did you ever go into the tunnels?
No way. The whole point of rock
climbing is to head for the sky.
- Did she ever ask you to?
- Yes. Yes, she did.
She was doing some sort
of documentary and...
- God. She fell?
- That's what we're investigating.
- You seem shook up.
- Well, yeah. Someone you know dies...
I'm sorry, sir, but I gotta ask.
Were you and Marni... intimate?
Yeah, we had a thing, but we broke up.
She had a fiancé, and I was always very
clear that I didn't want to marry anyone.
But... I liked her.
God, it's just terrible.
Did her fiancé know about you?
I don't know.
I can't believe this.
Yes, I was aware there was another
guy. Marni was never sneaky.
- Did you know who it was?
- No. She told me it was over.
Romantic triangle. Makes for
a pretty compelling motive.
- You mean for me? I didn't kill Marni.
- She was sleeping with another man.
Why didn't you tell us that
your wedding was called off?
- Because it's humiliating.
- It make you angry?
Of course it made me angry. And depressed,
and made me question my manhood. All that.
What do you want from
me? I didn't kill Marni.
- She always came back to me.
- So this wasn't the first time?
No.
The fact that she was sleeping
around is gonna make it tougher.
- Why?
- MythicaI treasure versus jealous men?
- That's stupid.
- No, it's not.
Jealousy is the oldest motive
for murder in the world.
A man getting involved with Marni should
know she's adventurous and independent.
Horrible coffee. Yeah,
with a cheating heart?
Well, she didn't hide anything.
She was direct and honest.
Bones, you do realise you are
discussing motive right now?
Psychology, not hard evidence.
It won't happen again.
We really need you to show
us where you got this, Harold.
It's only safe on this
side of the perimeter.
Then just take us to the perimeter
and you point the rest of the way.
No.
Harold, those people you
live with, they depend on you.
What about them?
It's up to you to keep them safe.
You know, you don't have to live
down here. There are alternatives.
No, not for me.
You're hiding. You have
to face your demons.
Living here, this is the only way I can pay so
I won't have to go to hell for what I've done.
There are programmes
that help people like you.
- "People like me"?
- Mentally ill.
Bones, simmer down. You might want to
just sidle up to the issue a little easier.
I like it. Someone's honest, says
the truth. You don't lie, I guess.
No, I don't lie. Agent Booth
and I would be glad to help you.
- This is as far as I go.
- It doesn't have to be that way.
He means it's the perimeter. This
is as far as he agreed to take us.
Beyond this, it's not safe.
OK, how much farther to
where you found the medallion?
- You'll see. It's down there.
- You stay here.
Between one soldier to
another, you got my back?
I never left my men.
Cave-in. Dead end. We came all
the way down here for nothing.
Not quite.
This is a very old skeleton.
Male, mid-30s.
There's no clothing because
it simply rotted away.
Buttons. Bone for the
shirt, pewter for the pants.
Brass eyelets for the boots, a belt buckle
- also pewter.
This is a half-inch button from
the Union Army Corps of Engineers.
By Union Army, you mean...
CiviI War.
Plus the fact that Hodgins found
diamond dust on this skeleton too,
I think Marni Hunter was killed
in a CiviI War-era tunneI.
These pellets are
commonly known as birdshot.
Pellet size 12, 0.73 inches
in diameter, made of lead.
Also CiviI War vintage.
The spread pattern suggests not a shotgun
but a muzzle-loaded pistoI like a LeMat.
- If you don't mind some conjecture.
- You're the boss.
This fellow knew where
something of value was stored.
Came down with an accomplice.
I apologise. I've been hanging
around Booth way too much.
It's a valid hypothesis.
No doubt one of many.
They argued. One killed
the other for the treasure.
Doesn't that mean the vault
will be empty when we find it?
Oh, my God. They got me too.
If the vault had been looted years ago, the
artefacts would've surfaced, been sold off.
It must still be down there.
I'll pull all the city plans from
the mid-19th century to the present.
We have to save what we can. Is there any
way to discover who these bastards are?
Zack, take a cast of
Marni Hunter's skull.
See if we can be specific
about the murder weapon.
Harold could give you enough
for a sketch of the blonde.
You said he was suspicious. What
if I can't get him to trust me?
- You're nervous.
- I'm not nervous. I'm scared.
I don't know how to talk to crazy
people. Unless I'm dating them.
I'm not sure he's
actually clinically insane.
I don't know how to talk to
people who live underground
and who might've tossed
a filmmaker down a hole.
Just be honest with him, Ange.
Treat him with respect.
You're good at that.
You're scared of me.
- Yes.
- Why?
You live underground.
Yes. I find it very bright up here.
How does this work?
Um...
You tell me what the blonde
looks like and I draw her.
Like, height, weight, hair colour?
Yeah, yeah, but... more.
More?
Yes. You know, how she seemed to you.
You know, your, uh... your impressions.
Her eyes are dead.
She sees you and
doesn't at the same time.
- You mean like that?
- Yeah.
Her mouth was small.
Stern. Little... lip line.
Mould filled in the missing
sections of the skull.
It shows the entry point of the
injury has a very distinctive shape.
Enlarge the image.
It's a T. It's not a knife or
a hammer that I've seen before.
Make a list of possible implements
using the size and force of the damage.
Marni's fiancé found some raw
footage of her documentary.
A dark labyrinth.
A warren of tunnels and fissures,
forgotten coal cellars,
sewer lines, storm drains,
subbasements, access shafts,
easements and crawlspaces -
some as old as the city itself.
Bones... I thought she worked alone.
Who's running the camera?
.. shelter, for a place to hide
from the evils of the world.
Others are looking for treasure.
She might've started out
to make a documentary,
but she wound up using Harold
so she could loot the treasure.
Doesn't mean she deserves to die.
And who are these treasure hunters?
Not the homeless, who
scrounge for bits of metal.
Some are Civil War enthusiasts...
And some are remarkably
handsome adventurers!
I... am so sorry!
- They said they never went underground.
- Son of a bitches lied to us.
The murder weapon is a sharp-edged
instrument with a handle. Not a hatchet.
Those climbers haven't been
back to their apartment.
- I think the weapon was a climbing axe.
- How about this?
While exploring those tunnels with Marni,
the climbers find something valuable.
Marni wants to put it in her film, the
climbers want to take it for themselves.
Wham on the head, down the shaft.
LogicaI to think they're
there now, emptying that vault.
- That was a totaI bust.
- Harold couldn't provide a description?
Yeah, he provided me with
a description all right.
That's the blonde Harold keeps seeing?
This is what happens when you ask
for information from the mentally ill.
- Where did you get that?
- I drew it.
That, Miss Montenegro, is a Raeburn.
Sir Henry Raeburn painted
a number of these studies.
Extremely rare now. Very valuable.
There.
Hm. Damn, I'm good.
Miss Eleanor Urquhart, painted
in 1793 by Sir Henry Raeburn.
Missing since 1862. Worth over $200,000.
If Harold saw that, he's
seen the inside of the vault.
- Let's go.
- Booth!
It's a labyrinth down there. You can't
blunder around in the dark looking for them.
Maybe you won't have to.
I entered modern and historicaI
plans, including shafts and tunnels,
plus the newer schematics.
There's also oraI accounts of
tunneI construction and passages.
Wow. All that exists under the city?
Yes. What we can corroborate.
Good point, Bones
- you know, not rushing off to find those guys.
- How accurate is this?
- Blue is modern. Near 100% accurate.
- Yellow is historicaI.
- Estimate, 80%.
Red represents less exact renderings from
stories, memoirs, accounts from city workers.
If this treasure exists, it probably
exists in one of the red tunnels.
That CiviI War victim was near the cave-in.
Maybe the treasure's on the other side.
Inductive, reductive or deductive?
- Deductive.
- As you wish.
Miss Montenegro, please remove all tunnels
containing power, cable or utility lines.
- And fibre optics.
- Yes. Also steam tunnels and transit access?
What about diamond dust?
You said there was diamond
dust in the old tunnels.
There was also diamond
dust on the CiviI War guy.
So, what? I'm not allowed to help now?
- That's inductive logic.
- We agreed on deductive.
Sorry. I'm just... you know,
trying to think outside your box.
Can you indicate where we found Marni
Hunter's body, and the CiviI War victim?
Cos if Marni was killed
near the treasure and moved,
and CiviI War guy was
murdered by his accomplice...
Mm. Gotcha.
Can you connect the two bodies?
This one's the closest.
- There's no way to get there.
- Can you put some more blue lines back?
Just a guess. Just throwing
it out there. You know, sue me.
And connect where Marni
Hunter's body was found.
Somewhere along that
line is the treasure.
What's that blue line?
Storm sewer. H15-B.
The weapon was a Hank's climbing axe.
This is a situation where I need a gun.
We're gonna have six FBI Tac
Team members do the dirty work.
We'll just watch. What's
your 20, Tac Team 3?
- According to this map, we're with you.
- They aren't with us.
I realise that, Bones.
Re-orient, Tac Team 3.
Suggest you wait for rendezvous, Booth.
Ten-four, Tac Team 3.
I bet Ticktock Team is here
- two levels above us.
Don't call them Ticktock Team, OK? They're
Tac Team. It's short for "tacticaI".
Can I just have a gun
untiI they get here?
Here. It's not for shooting rats.
Or psychos with climbing axes.
So, what do we do? Just wait?
No. We just... reconnoitre.
In.
Easy. Watch yourself.
Wow. What have we got here?
Tac Team 3, this is
Booth. What's your six?
Stand by, Booth.
- They're lost.
- They're not lost.
What's that
- a lucky quarter?
This could be the missing
piece from Marni Hunter's skull.
OK.
- Think she was killed here?
- It's plausible.
Don't get all gushy on me.
- Ticktock 3.
- Did you just call us "Ticktock"?
Tac Team 3, stand by.
Do you hear that?
Yeah.
That's the blonde woman.
- This is locked. We gotta get in there.
- Aren't we waiting for Ticktock 3?
They might not find us. If we go after them,
these guys'll go. I wanna catch 'em in the act.
We can go in through here.
We go in there, you are responsible for
whoever's on your left. Put your gun on him.
- How'II I know whether to shoot?
- If you wonder whether to shoot, shoot.
- Let you do the talking?
- I took that one for granted.
Maybe we should've brought bigger bags.
- FBI. Hands in the air.
- Yeah, hands in the air.
- We're not armed.
- They don't shoot people for trespassing.
They do for murder. Put
your hands on your head.
- Do it.
- Murder? What murder?
I'm throwing you restraints.
Put 'em on Duke. Now.
- How can we climb out?
- Would you rather go out in body bags?
Put on the restraints!
- Let you do the talking. Got it.
- You think we killed Marni?
- She was killed with a climbing axe.
- Duke, sit down.
Bones, gimme your gun. Take the
restraints out of my belt, put 'em on Kyle.
Is that cocked? Cos
where it's pointed...
- You're safe.
- Killed with a climbing axe?
She was gonna put this treasure in her
documentary. It would've cost you a fortune.
So one of you killed
her. Who's left-handed?
It's best to have this explanation
after the bad guys are incapacitated.
Why?
You killed her for this?
- That's why.
- I'll try to remember that for next time.
You regained one of the great culturaI finds of the century
- a glimpse of CiviI War life.
Marni wanted to document
the treasure, not steaI it.
So Duke killed her and threw
her down a bottomless pit.
Kyle wasn't so innocent himself. He hit
Duke in the crypt with a candlestick.
Kyle hit the Duke with a
candlestick in the crypt.
That's very good. Very good.
Right?
What? What's the joke?
Well...
- Clue?
- What clue?
- Unbelievable, Bones.
- What's funny?
- I have no idea.
Harold's being released.
You found a place for him?
Yes.
Visiontext Subtitles: Katherine Appleby
What's that mean?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org